[Music]
There is a family near Salzburg that needs a governess until September.
- September?
- To take care of seven children.
Seven children?!
[Children Playing]
Come out of that water at once!
- Do you like children, Maria?
- Well yes, but seven?
I will tell Captain von Trapp to expect you tomorrow.
A Captain?
A retired officer of the Imperial Navy.
A fine man, and a brave one.
Tell me, do you think the Captain would get me some more material if I asked him?
How many dresses does a governess need?
No, not for me. For the children.
I want to make them some play clothes.
The von Trapp children don't play. They march.
- But they're children!
- Yes. And I'm their father.
Goodnight.
Do you mean to tell me
that my children have been roaming about Salzburg
dressed up in nothing but some old drapes?!
Mhm. And having a marvelous time.
Fräulein... were you this much trouble at the Abbey?
Oh, much more, Sir.
Why did they send you back to us?
They didn't send me back, Mother. I left.
Is it true Fräulein Maria isn't coming back?
I can't face him again.
There's nothing more irresistible to a man than a woman who's in love with him.
- In love with him?
- Of course.
T'what makes it so nice, is...
he thinks he's in love with you.
Oh, there were times when we would look at each other.
Oh Mother, I could hardly breathe.
- Are you in love with him?
- I've never felt that way before.
Maria. You have to live the life you were born to live.
And somewhere out there...
is a young lady, who I think... will never be a nun.